soccer-second division red white Ahlen was finally able to win last weekend
celebrate his first season home win
after the 1 0 success over Oberhausen much all participants red and white one
whole rock wall from the heart
even though the three points against taillight in the table always
stronger
secretary
hol
this was confirmed by Captain Marcel Busch
Sfar
a huge step and you could tell that everything was just about everyone comfort
to have won once is a better mood in the cabin
from a now initiated turn which the full-back but not
speak
I had started all the profit of the post office with the
St Pauli performed poorly and delivered a first match
Although we lost but it was really good and there you saw the
Kaiserslautern to have been continued
2 actually synonymous clear if they can retrieve this every week to have
Sometime normal food what Countable is implemented
and it's not just happy that it worked out that way now
Share of recent success
certainly have the winter entrances
Goalkeeper Sascha Kirschstein
is satisfied with them so far
when natural before the wood 19 in Hama at home we German the last
three games
The bottom line is that percent demanded individual small improvements
led lying because yours was so
His goal has some of the photos who wins to fill his spirits
the hot additional offers Moria
the only contender has suffered under the home win against Oberhausen
because the lawn in the Wersestadion
after all, he can now rest for a week because red white Ahlen occurs
next Monday at 1860 Munich in the alliance-arena
Marcel Busch but he is quite optimistic
mm
he becomes the first major to percentage points
Pauli win every game except for it
certainly in the Allianz Arena to stand up rifle at home against Oberhausen
but go there and hope that we have three points but then follow suit
Gameplay will see if maybe only one but also
with us or we could win